(DOCS-4573) Update create an integrations docs (#13562)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/dev/new_check_howto.md

  - /developers/integrations/testing/
  - /integrations/datadog_checks_dev/
  - /guides/new_integration/

---

## Overview

This guide provides instructions for creating a Datadog Agent integration in the `integrations-extras` repository. For more information about why you would want to create an Agent-based integration, see [Creating your own solution][1].

> ## Setup
> 
> ### Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

## Setup

### Prerequisites

The required Datadog Agent integration development tools include:

- Python v3.8 and [pipx][2]. For instructions on installing Python and pipx, see [Python for Agent Integration Development][3].
- [Docker][4] to run the full test suite
- The git [command-line][5] or [GitHub desktop client][19]

## Set up your integrations-extra repo

Follow these instructions to set up your repo for integration development:

1. Create the `dd` directory:

   The Datadog Development Toolkit expects you to work in the `$HOME/dd/` directory. This is not mandatory, but working in a different directory requires additional configuration steps.

   To create the `dd` directory and clone the `integrations-extras` repo:
   ```
   mkdir $HOME/dd && cd $HOME/dd
   ```

1. Fork the the [`integrations-extras` repo][6].

1. Clone your fork into the `dd` directory:
   ```
   git clone git@github.com:<YOUR USERNAME>/integrations-extras.git
   ```

1. Create a feature branch to work in:
   ```
   git switch -c <YOUR INTEGRATION NAME> origin/master
   ```

## Install the Development Toolkit

> Before you install the Development Toolkit, make sure you've [installed Python and pipx][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assuming you've [installed Python and pipx][3], install the Development Toolkit for your operating system:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "MacOS" %}}

1. Run the following command and remove any executables shown in the output:
   ```
   which -a ddev
   ```

1. Make sure there are no virtual environments running:
   1. Run the following command:
      ```

>       echo VIRTUAL_ENV

Reviewer 2: I think this needs a $
`echo $VIRTUAL_ENV`

      ```

   1. If the command returns output, a virtual environment is running. Run `deactivate` to exit the virtual environment.

1. Install `ddev`:

>    <div class="alert alert-warning">Do not run this command with `sudo`.</a></div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   <div class="alert alert-warning">Do not run this command with <code>sudo</code>.</a></div>
```

   ```

>    pipx install ddev --python /usr/local/opt/python@3.8/bin/python3.8

Reviewer 2: This path wasn't available for me. I had to run:
> pipx install ddev --python /opt/homebrew/opt/python@3.8/libexec/bin/python3

Author: Thanks, I think this might be an M1 vs Intel Mac thing.

Reviewer 2: Oh, another thing to note is that `pipx` output included a command I had to run to put the newly installed `ddev` in my path. Since we included wording about `homebrew` above that did this, it'd probably be helpful to mention it here too. Specifically:
> These apps will not be globally accessible until your PATH is updated. Run `pipx ensurepath` to automatically add it, or manually modify your PATH in your shell's config file

   ```
   brew install pipx
   ```
1. Check the Homebrew installation output and run any additional commands recommended by the installation script.
1. Verify that pipx is installed:
   ```
   pipx --version
   ```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Windows" %}}
1. Install pipx:
   ```
   python -m pip install pipx
   ```
1. Verify that pipx is installed:
   ```
   pipx --version
   ```
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Linux" %}}
1. Install pipx:
   ```
   python -m pip install pipx
   ```
1. Verify that pipx is installed:
   ```
   pipx --version
   ```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Set up your integrations-extra repo

Follow these instructions to set up your repo for integration development:

1. Create the `dd` directory:

   The Datadog Development Toolkit expects you to work in the `$HOME/dd/` directory. This is not mandatory, but working in a different directory requires additional configuration steps.

   To create the `dd` directory and clone the `integrations-extras` repo:
   ```
   mkdir $HOME/dd && cd $HOME/dd
   ```

1. Fork the the [`integrations-extras` repo][5].

1. Clone your fork into the `dd` directory:
   ```
	git clone git@github.com:&lt;YOUR USERNAME&gt;/integrations-extras.git

>    ```

Author: ~~~suggestion
   ```
   git clone git@github.com:&lt;YOUR USERNAME&gt;/integrations-extras.git
   ```
~~~

- A complete `manifest.json` file.
- If the integration collects Service Checks, the `service_checks.json` must be complete as well.

Before you open a pull request, run the following command to catch any problems with your integration:
```

> ddev validate all changes

Author: ```suggestion
ddev validate all <INTEGRATION_NAME>
```

```

After you've created your pull request, automatic checks run to verify that your pull request is in good shape and contains all the required content to be updated.

## Further Reading

Additional helpful documentation, links, and articles:

- [Manage integrations via API calls][18]
- [Python for Agent-based Integration Development][3]

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/developers/#creating-your-own-solution
[2]: https://github.com/pypa/pipx

> [3]: /developers/integrations/python/

Reviewer: The relative links won't work on github (but neither will the tabs so maybe that's okay with you)
